["Every Time" playing]
[shouting in Arabic]
Omar, what‘s the status
on the general?
[in Arabic]
- [speaking Arabic]
- [chuckles]
No? [laughs]
[gunshots]
Hamza.
[speaking Arabic]
[soldiers shouting]
[in Arabic]
[shouting in Arabic]
[groaning]
Where is General Fezzan?
Tell me.
♪
Do you fight for pride
Do you hold your scars
♪
Who will live
You were taught
♪
[engine starts]
I don‘t know
♪
You‘ve got your back
Where‘s your backbone
♪
You‘ve got your back
Say, where‘s your backbone
♪
[Christmas] I might be complicated,
but I ain‘t fucking hopeless.
[Gina] Is that what we
call it? Complicated?
Well, whatever it‘s called,
it‘s not working, is it?
[Christmas] Come on, Gina,
you‘re not looking at the big picture.
[Gina] What‘s the big picture?
Is it you? Are you
my big picture?
Oh, my God, thank you.
You should get the
fuck over yourself.
́Cause you know
what you actually are?
A caveman.
You do resemble a caveman.
[Gina] You know what it is?
- And you don‘t?
- You don‘t want competition.
Gina, please, calm down.
That‘s what your problem is.
Me calm down?
Did you just tell me...
Don‘t tell me to fucking
calm down! I‘m calm!
I‘ve never been more
fucking calm in my life.
"Oh, look at me.
I‘m English. I‘m avoidant.
I don‘t like to argue."
Well, guess what?
I just want a little
peace in my life. Right?
- It‘d be nice.
- I‘m from America, bitch. We‘re gonna fight about it.
Go. Just go. Go. So
what does that make me?
Does that make me stressful?
No, no, no.
A little violent perhaps.
I‘m a professional.
Yeah. And a little
violent. [Barney grunting]
A little bit.
Teeny bit. [Gina panting]
You know what it is?
I‘ve got your skills
and then some.
And neither of you like it
because you‘re both cavemen.
She‘s talking to you.
Actually, she‘s looking
in your direction.
- I‘m talking to you.
- [Barney] Mm-hmm.
But about you.
You might be my boss,
but I can tell that you‘re also
from this planet called "hopeless"
where intimate
relationships and feelings
don‘t fucking exist!
Fucking baby. I‘ve wasted
so much of my life on you.
You are a loser. But I like you.
Thanks. Why are you here?
I lost my ring at this
bar, and I need you to...
I‘m sorry. Is that it?
Are we done talking?
Are you done with
this conversation?
Conversation?
It‘s more like angry chatter.
Fuck you.
She‘s talking to you again.
It’s depressing. No. It‘s okay.
I liked her, Barney.
She‘s an Expendable, Christmas.
Look, I got great respect for
your uncanny abilities. I really do.
But you are a selfish prick.
Really? We all are.
We have to be
to choose this life
over friends, over family.
We do this for money.
- That‘s the definition of prickism.
- [sighs]
What do you think
of my analysis?
Pretty good?
I think you‘re a moron.
You don‘t believe that.
With every cell in
my body. [laughs]
Why are we here?
I lost my ring last night in a bet,
and I‘m here to try to buy it back.
Seriously?
Yeah, seriously.
A silly little trinket.
I’m superstitious
about it, and I like it.
Feel like I‘m missing a finger.
[hard rock music playing]
I tried getting it back, but
this half-ass won‘t negotiate.
Who? Jumbo Shrimp.
Who‘s he? You‘ll see.
- What‘s up, Barney?
- Hey, Billy.
So how‘d you lose your
most prized possession?
Thumb wrestling.
You mean arm wrestling? No.
I mean thumb wrestling.
Like that. Give me your hand.
No. Thumb wrestling?
You used to be strong.
What happened?
And you used to be
hairy. What happened?
Things change.
What‘s up, Barney?
Hey, how you doing?
Jumbo Shrimp around?
Is there a problem?
- My friend wants his ring back.
- [Barney] Mm-hmm.
Bet‘s a bet, man.
You know, no offense,
but I‘m missing my ring.
It stays where it is.
That‘s unacceptable.
Striking resemblance.
That‘s brutal.
- These the guys, Barney?
- Yeah.
[Christmas] Now I see
why they call him Jumbo.
- No, the other guy, second guy.
- [Christmas] Oh.
You lost to Santa‘s helper?
That‘s embarrassing.
I was drunk.
Well, you‘re not drunk now.
Why the fuck am I here?
I hurt my back.
Since when?
A few weeks ago. I
can‘t even lift a fork.
I would do it for you. But if you
don‘t want to do it, I understand.
If you‘re intimidated...
Intimidated?
Hey, Lee.
Make it easy on yourself.
The classics.
I got this, Thumbo.
[laughs] Beer, please.
How you doing this nice day?
What do you prefer to be
called, "Jumbo" or "Shrimp"?
[chuckles]
Call me that again.
Cut your fucking head off.
That‘s a little
harsh, bite-size.
Barney wants his ring back.
What did you call me?
How much for it back, Yoda?
Hey!
It stays here, asshole.
My back.
You see,
what we have here is a matter of
humiliation and human kindness.
My friend here loves his ring
for all of his stupid reasons.
And it would be
very nice and civilized
if you gents would
understand that principle.
But since you choose to be...
Barney, what‘s the
word? Obstinate.
Too long.
Dumbbells.
You leave me no
other choice, dinky.
[exhales deeply]
- You‘re welcome.
- You‘re slowing down.
[grunting]
My turn, bitch.
[screams]
Come on, chuck. Come
on, cowboy. Bring it.
[dancers screaming]
Get him a beer when he wakes up.
[Christmas grunting]
You almost killed me.
I thought you had a bad back.
You know, it‘s a
miracle. It just went away.
You know, I really
didn‘t need this lovefest.
I like spending time with you.
[bikes departing]
Next time, take me
on a pony ride, okay?
Okay.
[assailant] Overwatch,
what is the status?
[overwatch operator] Sir, there are
three soldiers guarding the general.
You‘re gonna need backup.
I repeat, wait for backup.
What the fuck is he doing?
No, no, no. No, no,
please. Please, don‘t.
[grunting]
[screams]
What‘s up, General? [screaming]
[doors open, close]
[grunts, chuckles]
Are my eyes deceiving me? Why?
[Christmas] What‘s that
thing on Gunner‘s head?
[Barney] It looks
like a sick cat.
Cats are cute.
That looks like
tumbleweed. [chuckles]
- Hey, good evening, big man.
- [chuckles]
Let‘s talk. What‘s that
thing on your head?
Oh, the wig?
Yeah, the wig. Question is, why?
Well, I was chatting with
this girl on the Internet
and she likes that
‘70s look, you know.
The Farrah Fawcett thing.
Got it. You met her yet?
Why... Why would I do
that? I like the mystery.
Understand? [Barney]
Yeah, that makes sense.
Sounds special. It does.
I liked him better
when he was a drunk.
I know what you mean. Me too.
I‘m happy for you.
[Gunner] Hey, is
this the new guy?
[Barney] Hey, it‘s Easy Day.
Good man. Ex-special forces.
- Hey, Barney.
- Hey, Easy.
This our sniper?
Don‘t worry about it. I
got a prescription scope.
[Easy Day] What?
Well, Hawkeyes,
remember this face.
Don‘t shoot it by accident.
[loud thud]
You don‘t have
to worry about me.
Who‘s this guy?
You‘re slipping, pal.
You hired him.
That‘s Galgo‘s son.
I have the eyesight, the heart
and the sex drive of my father.
Tell me he doesn‘t talk
as much as his father.
He‘s worse. No.
Twice as bad.
It‘s gonna be a long trip.
I am Galan.
That suppose to mean something?
[Barney laughs]
It‘s supposed to
mean a little something.
All right, cut the
bullshit. All eyes on me.
Who‘s the suit?
His name is Marsh.
I did a few things with
him before I met you.
He‘s CIA. Hey,
Barney, how you doing?
How you doing, Marsh?
How they hanging?
Gravity‘s setting in.
Welcome to the club.
As much as I would like to
exchange pleasantries with you guys,
there‘s a pressing
matter at hand.
Meet Suharato Rahmat.
Former British national
turned arms dealer.
He has his own private
army and he‘s been hired
to steal some detonators
for nuclear missiles
for a very dangerous client.
Word on the street is the
client‘s name is Ocelot.
[Barney] Hmm.
Now, those detonators
get in the hands of Ocelot,
he‘s planning on using them to
create an international incident.
We can‘t let that happen.
So that‘s where
you guys come in.
Your landing zone is Qaddafi‘s
old chemical war plant in Libya,
which I hear is very
nice this time of year.
Your mission is to make
sure the detonators stay there.
All right?
That‘s all I got. Good luck.
Barney, keep ‘em tucked.
I‘ll do my best.
Operation Ocelot. Mm-hmm.
When were you gonna tell me?
When you stopped playing
footsies with your girlfriend.
Hey, why‘s Christmas so
pissed about this Ocelot mission?
[laughs] He‘s just
being Christmas.
- Copy that.
- [Toll Road] He knows Barney very well.
He knows exactly how far
he‘s willing to go to end Ocelot.
Who the hell names
himself Ocelot?
Years ago, the CIA hired Barney
to find out who code
name "Ocelot" actually is.
He was close when somebody
walked him into an ambush
and nearly killed
his entire team.
Damn.
Yeah, some would
say Ocelot‘s a ghost
that Barney created to cover
his own ass for a mistake.
No fucking way.
Ocelot exists and Barney
will bury him someday.
What the fuck happened
to your ear, man?
I‘m glad you asked me that.
I wrestled in college. Common affliction
in that sport is contusions to the ear.
Small pocket of blood that
separates the skin from the cartilage.
Come on, big bird.
Get up there, you deathtrap.
Don‘t insult it.
We have a successful liftoff.
[chuckles]
[Galan] Maybe it was
my first ménage à trois.
You know. You know, Toll
Road, what I‘m talking about, right?
Hey.
You know what is
a golden shower?
It‘s when the woman, she...
She squats down on top of
you and releases her bladder.
It‘s very liberating.
Wow, a world-class pervert.
You know what is
a golden shower?
You look like the type
who has had one before.
I‘m cutting these losers.
I heard too much of that.
It‘s tune time. Time for music.
[classical music playing]
It‘s ancient.
It‘s soothing.
Soothing? Yeah.
Yeah, maybe.
[breathes deeply]
You know I had a
panic attack last night.
Did you really?
Are you sure? Yeah.
Like your skin starts to crawl?
Your heart is
beating? You know it.
Just take some Xanax and
pretend you‘re happy with your life.
I am happy.
By the way, you‘re
the worst doctor, ever.
Maybe it’s Gina who‘s
making you anxious.
She actually relaxes me.
It‘s this... this... The job.
No.
Some guys are just not
meant for companionship.
Face the facts. Wrong.
Maybe you want to die a
bitter old sod, but not me.
I want to be cheerful, happy.
But I will come visit
you in the home.
- Promise?
- Scout‘s honor.
Let‘s see what‘s going on.
[Galan] One of them was
covering me in hot candle wax.
Forget it.
[Rahmat] Where
are the detonators?
[General Fezzan] Never!
Your wife.
Not my wife. Allahu Akbar.
[sobbing]
Your son is next.
P-Please, not my son. Please.
Give me the detonators,
and I‘ll make it quick.
My son, Adam...
This is a fact you
cannot change.
Give me the detonators or...
Not my son.
Your choice.
Okay. Okay.
They are in control room.
The code to the safe is...
eight,
one,
four,
two...
seven.
- Wise choice.
- [gunshot]
Let‘s wake up the kids.
Ready? Yep.
♪
♪ ♪
Where‘d that come from?
Ah, this is gonna be fun.
LZ‘s hot.
- Here we go.
- Incoming!
- Flak!
Intel was off.
Get creative!
Got it.
Touch and go.
Okay, rally up. Rally up.
Am I driving lead? Nah.
Take Gunner to
overwatch and fall in.
Touch!
Happy hunting.
Check it out. There‘s something
happening at the weapons plant.
We‘re on it.
[soldier panting]
[Barney] I count four
vehicles and a lot of ops.
Well, let‘s make less of them.
[shouting]
[gunshots]
Sir, I have a new transport.
Excellent.
Tell Ocelot we have them.
Let‘s go.
In position.
Load up!
[Barney] Rahmat‘s
got the detonators.
Gunner, you got eyes on them?
Like crystal in headlights.
Gunner, you‘re way off target.
What do you need,
a seeing-eye dog?
Damn spots.
Hey, Stevie Wonder, you might
want to get that prescription checked.
[groans]
[shouting]
Heads up. Lee, where are you?
Looks like we‘re
making our entrance.
Huevos.
Let‘s fly, baby!
Whoo-hoo!
Who the fuck is this now?
[sighs] [merc] What
do we do, boss?
Kill them.
[merc] Open fire!
[yelps, screams]
Gunner, we could use some help!
Six months sober.
[gunfire in distance]
[gunshot]
Now that‘s what I‘m
talking about, Gunner.
Can you lose them?
- We‘re inside!
- Copy.
Split up.
Galan, we‘ll take point.
- You go after that squirter.
- Copy.
Ooh.
[grunts]
We lost the .50 cal.
[grunting]
Pull up alongside him.
Time to improvise.
I can improvise.
[grunts]
[groans]
[grunting]
Gut shot. You‘ll live.
[grunts, screams]
[bone snaps]
Whoa.
Maybe not.
[screams]
Galan, what the
fuck are you doing?
I’m improvising.
[grunts]
[clamoring]
What‘s going on in there?
I need a status report now!
One more and we‘re on Rahmat.
[grunts]
[both grunting]
What the fuck, Easy?
[yelps]
Only easy day was yesterday.
Yep.
Initial success
or total failure?
Initial success.
I‘m out of ammo. I‘m coming in.
You mean total failure.
Christmas, where are you?
The detonators are compromised.
They‘re on the west
side heading north.
Don‘t let Rahmat leave
with those detonators
or there‘s gonna be
a lot of dead people.
[horn honks]
Get in, losers! We‘re
going shopping!
You might want
to watch your six!
Fire in the hole, fellas!
Moving!
[gunfire continues]
Cover me!
Incoming!
Don‘t worry, my friend. I
would never leave you behind.
[grunts]
[grunting]
I can‘t get the angle!
[grunting] [alarm beeping]
I‘m out of flares.
Damn it, Barney!
Stay on mission, Christmas.
You‘re toast up there.
Listen to him, man.
Get the detonators.
[Barney] Get the
detonators, Lee!
That‘s an order!
Fuck no. I‘m saving
your dumb ass!
[grunts]
You‘re welcome!
Nice work, man, but
who‘s on Rahmat?
[helicopter whirring]
[panting]
Holy shit.
[mourner] I miss him, man.
["(Don‘t Fear) The
Reaper" playing]
All our times have come... ♪
We miss you, Barney!
♪
Seasons don‘t fear ♪
Nor do the wind ♪
♪
[Toll Road] Everybody listen up.
There‘s an old expression.
Beware an old man
in a profession where
good men die young.
I‘m sure Barney Ross
has had a seat reserved
at the big table up
there for some time now.
And he earned that seat.
He never stopped earning it.
He brought the best out in each and every
one of us because he was the best of us.
To Barney.
[all] To Barney.
[crowd cheering]
How are you?
Great.
You don‘t gotta pretend, Lee.
You know Barney wouldn‘t
want to watch you sulking like this.
It‘s true.
Can I help?
Well, since you‘re asking...
I‘d like...
So when are we going
after the guys that did this?
You ain‘t going
nowhere. You‘re done.
[clicks tongue, scoffs]
What‘s that mean? You‘re off it.
- You‘re done. You‘re out.
- Bullshit, Marsh.
Who‘s gonna run Barney‘s team?
Gina?
[chuckles]
What is this, a bad joke?
Well, you disobeyed a
direct order from your superior
and that cost us the
mission, so you‘re out.
- I was trying to save him.
- Well, you didn‘t.
It‘s our play, it‘s
our call. You‘re out.
[Easy Day] It was Barney‘s
sacrifice to make, brother.
Good death for the
mission, it would count.
And you just took it from him.
Made his sacrifice worthless.
Christmas.
Yeah.
Thanks for the support.
You certainly picked
your moment, pal.
Oh.
Barney hated cover bands.
I‘ll be in touch.
Hey.
Nothing Barney
did was worthless.
You understand? Nothing!
[Toll Road] Hey. Easy, cowboy.
Fuck you, talking
about Barney in my face.
[Toll Road] This
ain‘t the place or time.
Por favor. Please,
please. Tranquilo.
[sighs]
Pantry cook.
[clicks tongue]
Hospitality director.
Can be "hospitable-ish."
Private security detail for
a social media influencer.
[club music playing]
[guests chattering]
[guest] I‘m gonna
go get a drink.
[influencer] We‘re
about to go live.
We‘re about to stream this shit,
and you girls look like shit.
Uh, no. No.
Buh-bye.
Hey, muscles. Get
over here. [snaps fingers]
[guests chattering, giggling]
Here, dude. [chuckles]
Hold my sign.
Whoo!
I‘m your private
security detail.
I‘m here to protect you.
Not hold your sign.
[chuckles] You see anybody
looking to do me harm?
[sighs] Potentially.
[chuckles] Whatever.
Just hold the sign.
"Potentially."
Double-O douchebag.
- [all gasp]
- [guest screams]
What‘s up, motherfuckers?
I‘m here at my NOLA pad
live streaming to you at home.
Bringing a little
something-something
into your pathetic little lives.
[laughs] Look at
these NOLA bitches.
Which one... No, which
two am I gonna fuck after?
[Christmas] Oi. Have
some respect for the ladies.
I am live streaming here.
You guys believe this
shit? Look at this guy.
Who does this
motherfucker think he is?
[in English accent]
"Oi, respect the ladies."
I‘ll respect them all right.
Respect them enough to let
them lick the sweat off my balls.
[grunting]
[guests gasping]
Fuck, dude, my nose.
Do you know how much money
I make off this face, asshole?
[inhales]
[exhales]
[sighs]
Fuck it.
[beeping]
[lock clicks]
[switch clicks]
Welcome home, love.
You‘re lucky I didn‘t shoot you.
[clicks tongue, sighs] Probably.
Hey, do you read now?
What is this?
Going somewhere, are we?
We‘re going after the
guy that got Barney.
The only good thing that came out of Barney‘s
death was the unsealing of that file.
What the fuck does that
mean? What‘s in here?
Well,
Barney was part of
a classified operation
in between
international agencies.
And when it went south, all the
parties involved decided to seal the file
until everyone associated
with it was dead.
So once Barney passed,
that file was declassified.
It gave us a vital clue
on Ocelot‘s identity.
[exhales]
I want in. I‘m coming with you.
Oh, I‘m sorry.
You weren‘t invited.
Oh.
Well, won‘t you be
lonely without me?
No.
There‘s lots of other
boys on the mission.
Oh.
I‘m not in the mood.
I‘m gonna play a little Hendrix.
Usually does the
trick. Don‘t start.
[grunts] Oh, I‘m starting.
[both grunting]
- [panting] - Oh, I
always liked this tattoo.
So did your brother. [grunts]
This was always my
favorite seat in the house.
Well, these and the cheap seats.
[both grunting]
You really need to
be more careful. Mmm.
Make me.
Do an old soldier a favor.
First things first.
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
When I first met Barney...
I was straight out of the SAS.
Nothing to my name,
down on my luck.
He took a chance on me
when no one else would.
We‘re gonna get the
guy that did this to Barney.
I promise.
I know I can‘t go with you.
[sighs]
But I want you to take this.
[chuckles]
Well,
I‘ll make sure to give
Rahmat your regards.
[vehicle beeping]
[beeping]
[speaks Vietnamese]
You catch any of that?
I don‘t know what she‘s saying.
- But why do you think they call her Lash?
- I have no idea.
But I‘d love to find out.
She can lash me anytime.
Oh, it‘s way bigger
than that, darling.
No, no. That‘s the Chinese bird.
- We use the middle finger, they use the pinky.
- Oh.
- But if the shoe fits...
- [scoffs]
I was saying what‘s
up with your ears?
- My ear?
- Oh, shit.
Well, everybody knows
I wrestled in college.
And a common affliction in that sport
is that you get a contusion in the ear
that separates the cartilage from
the skin and creates a little pocket.
I‘ve had this one
drained nine times.
I‘ve never seen him so quiet.
[Toll Road] In essence,
God gave me armor.
[sighs] He hasn‘t said
anything since Barney died.
[Toll Road] Now, I caught my
roommate talking shit about it one time.
And I had to smack him upside his
head and give him his own cauliflower ear.
That‘s just the way it goes.
[sighs] You want to feel it? No?
It‘s not contagious. I promise.
["Bigcityboi" playing]
Big city ♪
Spacespeakers in the house ♪
[people chattering]
How you doing, friend?
I‘m looking for Decha.
[speaks Thai]
Who?
Ex-Task Force 90.
Thailand Special Forces.
Supposedly owns a boat
that docks around here.
Don‘t know anyone
around here like that.
But if he have boat,
boat down there, not up here.
Thanks for your help.
[Christmas] Hey,
excuse me, friend.
You know the owner of this boat?
I‘m looking for a
man named Decha.
I‘m sorry. Decha has long gone.
Oh, yeah? Where?
To a place of peace.
Dead?
Ah.
Yeah, well, there‘s a
lot of that going around.
Excuse me.
I can‘t let you
steal this boat, sir.
What‘s it to you?
Just a boat.
It‘s not yours.
Hey, listen, I‘m taking this boat
with or without your permission.
Why do you have Barney‘s ring?
Barney‘s dead.
And I need this boat to get
to the people who killed him.
I was looking for Decha.
From what Barney said about the
man, I could use him for what‘s ahead.
Barney‘s dead.
I was once Decha,
the man you seek.
But I put that man behind me.
If what you say is true,
Barney should have his revenge.
Damn right, he should.
Hey.
[both chuckling]
[Marsh] Okay, listen up.
Jintara was hijacked
in the Andaman Sea by
our mutual friend Rahmat.
Jintara has changed course
and is tracking en route to the
Russian coast of Vladivostok.
Now, due to that royal
clusterfuck that was Libya,
Rahmat has taken possession
of the nuclear detonators.
The ship itself is gonna
be hosting an exchange
where they‘ll be taking possession
of the remaining nuclear materials
needed to construct a
viable bomb, nuclear type.
And we cannot let that
happen. Understood?
Now, we also have
valuable intel that says
that Ocelot will be Jintara.
So this might be our one and only
chance to learn of his true identity.
- Or her.
- What‘s that?
Could be a her.
Or her identity, yes.
And bring him or her in.
As you know, Barney‘s
death opened up a file
that reveals the name of a
man who worked with Ocelot.
A witness in witness protection.
More on him from Russo.
Name‘s Phen Lyong Bai.
Ocelot‘s former partner
who‘d love to rat Ocelot out.
Snitches get stitches.
Right, Gunner?
That‘s right.
Snitches get stitches.
I don‘t have to tell you
how sensitive this mission is.
If the Russians get wind that
the US forces are not only near
but inside Russian territory,
it‘s a World War III shit show.
Understood?
So that‘s why this mission
carries no US signature whatsoever.
Full deniability.
If this goes bad, it‘s on
you. And one last thing.
Since you Neanderthals dicked up
that last mission in Libya without me,
I‘m gonna be coming along
to babysit you this time.
Now, won‘t that be fun? Gina.
All right, so the mission‘s
gonna go down like this.
We‘re gonna run this assault as a
split team with two separate objectives.
We‘re gonna HALO in.
Team Alpha‘s gonna
secure the bridge
while Bravo searches
and sweeps the boat.
We‘re gonna identify, kill-capture
both Ocelot and Rahmat,
secure the detonators and the
nuclear components, helo extract.
Any questions?
Is my delivery a little
different than Barney‘s?
He probably would
have just said, "Let‘s go."
Yeah.
Well...
let‘s go.
Is that an axe?
No, it‘s a snow shovel.
That makes sense. Not for
humanity, but for you it makes sense.
[Christmas] Hey.
So what‘s your story?
Barney told me you
were ex-Task Force 90.
Ultimate killer type.
Never seen anyone
faster or better.
There‘s only so many times
you can kill a man, Christmas.
Each time,
it gets easier.
You become numb to
pain, to joy, and to love.
With every person you kill,
you lose a little
more of yourself.
I had to stop before
there was nothing left.
Figured I‘d be using
my axe by now.
This is too quiet.
Something ain‘t right.
Easy Day, Lash, you‘re with me. The
rest of you, swing around port quarter.
Where‘s port quarter again?
I was Army. We said left and
right, not port and starship shit.
Starboard is right.
Port, left. Quarter, back.
[Toll Road] Got it. Let‘s move.
[Marsh] Got a bad
feeling about this.
Yeah, where the
hell is everybody?
The nuke is definitely
onboard. [beeping]
All right, listen up. Bad news.
They already have
uranium with the detonators.
There is now an active
nuclear bomb on the ship.
We‘re about to take the bridge.
It‘s a ghost town in here.
Go! Put your weapons down now!
[shouting]
[Lash] What a fucking
mess this turned out to be.
First Libya, now this.
Somebody knew we
were coming. Both times.
My intel was solid.
- Your intel was shit.
- Ah, shit on this.
The intel could
have been leaked.
- We don‘t know you.
- He was verified.
Well, then maybe it
was your new girlfriend.
[Toll Road] Fuck you, Gunner.
You sold us out in
Vilena on that mission.
Think I‘d forget about that?
Somebody did sell us out.
How about your man?
You sold him out so
you could be on top.
Back off. She wouldn‘t do that.
What? Fuck him on top?
Fuck you.
Maybe it‘s the mute
over in the corner.
What‘s up, Galan? Cat
got your tongue, cowboy?
[Easy Day] Yeah, he‘s hiding
something. [Gunner] Yeah.
- I never trusted this fucking guy.
- [door slams]
Who‘s the leader?
[Marsh] I‘m the leader.
[screams]
[hammer clicks] [sighs]
[laughing]
Take him.
[Toll Road] Fuck.
There she is.
Go time.
I‘ll go first.
Send down a signal when
it‘s clear for you to follow.
This is as far as I go.
- I could use you.
- I can‘t.
If I let the old me out,
I don‘t know if I could
ever get him back in.
I understand.
[chattering]
[sighs]
[chattering continues]
Should be carnage up here.
Where are you guys?
[merc] My shift‘s
done. Going downstairs.
Don‘t move and turn around.
Slowly.
Well, which one is it, friend?
Don‘t move or
turn around slowly?
Turn around.
Very slowly.
Ah! Jesus Christ!
Colin, you scared the
shit out of me, you bellend.
Colin? Who the fuck is Colin?
Don‘t give me that. Hey, you
need to be careful with that.
That could go off in your hand.
[gurgling]
[radio chatter]
Perfect timing, Mr. Marsh.
Marsh?
This mission was a trap.
Somebody leaked our intel.
[groans]
My demands are simple.
Prisoner exchange.
I want your prisoner,
Phen Lyong Bai.
A dear friend of a friend.
If not,
Mr. Marsh will be the example
of how deadly serious I am.
So, what‘s it going
to be, Russo?
I don‘t have the authority.
I know you don‘t!
But I know someone who does.
Let‘s get the last of
the fake planes up.
And the rocket‘s ♪
♪
[radio chatter]
Rahmat,
you sneaky little sausage.
I can get you the authority.
Phen Lyong Bai
is in your lockup.
Your contact is Donald
Allman, authorization 2-2-5-7-9.
Good.
And no funny business.
It‘s your call whether
the Expendables
need to live up to
their namesake or not.
[mercs chattering]
[chattering]
Bringing a little
something-something
into your pathetic little lives.
[laughs] Look at these bitches.
Which one... No, which
two am I gonna fuck after?
Oi. Have some
respect for the ladies.
[influencer] I am
live streaming here.
You guys believe this
shit? Look at this guy.
- [mercs laughing]
- [in Bulgarian]
"the ladies."
I‘ll respect them all right.
Respect them
enough to let them lick
the sweat off my balls.
[in Bulgarian]
Huh. This doesn‘t belong to you.
[groaning]
Where are my friends?
Where are my friends? Mm-mmm.
Sir, we might have a problem.
Paithoon and Takk
have gone dark.
[groans]
Room 657, B-deck.
Much appreciated.
Ah.
Gunner.
[merc on radio] Takk?
Don‘t mind if I do.
Report back, Takk. We
may have a rat onboard.
Check everyone‘s status.
Takk? [sighs]
Takk can‘t come to
the phone right now.
He‘s a little limp.
Who is this?
[Christmas laughing]
A man who made a
mistake letting you live.
But I‘m here to remedy that. Ah.
Look who‘s still
trying to be a hero.
How nice of you to come aboard.
If you‘re hoping for a redo of the
mess in Libya, you‘re too late, I‘m afraid.
My men are on their
way to hunt you down.
So I guess it‘s up to me
to put you in an early grave.
Just like I did
your friend in Libya.
Correction. He wasn‘t my friend.
He was my brother.
So you can bring your army.
Bring all the fucking
men you want
and I‘ll work through
every last one of them.
When I get to you,
I‘ll make sure that the
only way you leave this ship
is in a wonderful
variety of pieces.
- [alarm sounding]
- [mercs shouting]
Don‘t shoot by the bomb!
- [groans, yells]
- [thud]
[groaning]
[mercs shouting]
- [engine starts]
- [screaming]
[shouting]
Pavel, you have eyes on the rat?
[Pavel] Yes, sir. Location?
Corridor, deck one.
Deck two. What?
[shouting]
Officers‘ dining
area, deck three.
[screaming]
[gasps]
[engine revving]
Rubber side down, mate.
[mercs shouting]
He‘s on the stern.
- [groaning]
- [grunting]
[mercs shouting]
What are you doing?
Thought you were
done with this life.
It would be disrespectful to
Barney‘s memory to let his friend die.
I like the look.
Thank you.
- Then let‘s get to it.
- Okay.
[shouting continues]
Everything‘s sealed
tight down here.
[Toll Road] Yeah, these
are welded up solid too.
Okay, so what‘s next?
Bilge system.
What? Bilge system.
In emergencies, it clears
water from the ship‘s dry areas.
If you get it open, it
should let us out of here.
[Gunner] Come on, man.
Let‘s get this fucking thing open.
[groaning] Damn it.
- Well, that ain‘t budging.
- No shit. It‘s got to get wet.
What?
Wet. If it gets wet, it‘ll open.
Well, anybody gotta
pee? [Toll Road] I gotta go.
I‘ve had to piss since
we HALO‘d in here.
A little privacy, please?
The hyoid bone.
It‘s the only bone in the human
body not connected to any others.
It‘s right here in the throat.
Without it, we cannot speak.
With these hands, I
will claw the hyoid bone
from the throat of
that fucker Rahmat,
stick it up culo,
then make both of
their asses apologize
while they drown
in their own blood.
Barney was my hero.
I do not speak, I cannot speak,
because my mind is full of
these brutal, visceral fantasies,
fantasies that will now
become a hellish reality.
[exhales]
You should go
back to not talking.
[urinating continues]
[zipper zips up]
- Done.
- Any takers?
This will lead us to the
men who killed Barney?
[Gina] Uh, yes.
I will avenge him.
Guess he does
like golden showers.
Lyong Bai is en route
to you as we speak.
I expect to have my
team returned alive.
Of course. For what is
a man without his word?
- [scoffs] - Prepare
for exchange.
Moving out!
- This way.
- Okay.
Your friends will be really
happy to see you, right?
Probably not.
Gina will have to
admit she needs me.
On three. Yeah.
Three.
Nobody here.
No shit.
Where did they go?
You smell piss?
[sniffing] Yeah.
We‘re gonna stay quiet
until it‘s time to get loud.
Okay, okay. Yeah.
Get on the ground!
Time to get loud?
It‘s you who needs to get
down on the ground, pal.
Or what?
Or get wasted by an Expendable.
Don‘t tell me. You‘re
happy to see me.
Technically, you‘re not an
Expendable anymore, Christmas.
Especially you.
Such a pleasure. Likewise.
Great timing. Easy Day.
Feliz Navidad.
Is that my Traumahawk?
Yeah. How do you like it?
Growing on me. [Gina]
What took you so long?
Did you think that I
was gonna believe
you were actually just
gifting me your knife?
You gifted her your knife?
And they say romance is dead.
He put a tracker in it. It
was all part of the plan.
- Sorry.
- [Christmas chuckles]
I feel a little used.
[chuckles]
Okay, let‘s go.
Hey, Gunner, watch our six.
I like your hair.
- Who‘s your new friend?
- Decha.
Old friend of Barney‘s. Kicks
ass with the best of them.
Any friend of Barney‘s
is all right by me.
Rahmat took Marsh.
Huh. I‘m devastated.
First things first. Toll Road, I need
you to take a look at something.
It‘s a big fucking bomb.
With the detonators
that we didn‘t get.
We‘re fucked.
Can you elaborate?
This thing‘s wired
to go in 27 minutes.
It‘s tamperproof.
Got mercury switches.
The only way we‘re shutting this bad
boy down is to find the remote kill switch.
That‘s the last line of defense.
Now, it‘s short range,
so whoever has that on their
person is on this fucking boat.
Rahmat. [Gina] Rahmat.
Who‘s Rahmat?
Guy who killed Barney.
We probably just
entered Russian waters.
Dressing this ship to look
like a US aircraft carrier
with a primed nuke about to
blow off the coast of Russia.
It‘s going to start
World War III.
Clock is ticking.
Let‘s lock and load.
New location, deckside.
It‘s all about this
kill switch now.
Switch off Rahmat permanently.
Well, can you make us
something loud and messy?
Does the pope shit in the woods?
No, the pope don‘t
shit in the woods.
Or next to a bear. Why
you gotta say shit like that?
["P.I.M.P." playing]
I don‘t know ♪
[music continues, muffled]
What is that?
That I‘m ♪
I don‘t know ♪
But a bitch can‘t get ♪
No Cadillac, no perms
You can‘t see that I‘m ♪
Now, shorty, she in the club ♪
She got a thing For that Gucci ♪
♪ [music ends]
Oh, shit! Bomb!
[screaming]
[merc shouting]
[groaning] Shit!
[shouting continues]
Fuck it!
You‘re welcome. Huh.
Don‘t mention it.
[shouting continues]
[gunfire continues]
[yells]
Good to be back.
I got you.
Thanks.
Puta.
[screams]
[groans]
I got him.
- [yells]
- [buzzing]
Toll Road!
Easy! Man down!
Man down! [groaning]
[mercs continue shouting]
Can you kiss that
and make it better?
Maybe later. I‘m a
little busy right now.
I got him.
Hey! [grunting]
- [yells]
- [grunting continues]
[screams]
[thuds]
[pilot] Ready for
prisoner exchange.
Three minutes
until we touch down.
Standing by for the exchange.
Proceed as planned.
[groans]
How you doing, Rahmat?
I see you like to play with knives.
Well, I ain‘t playing no more.
You‘re gonna give me the kill
switch, and we‘re gonna end all this.
Come and get it, hero.
[coughs]
[groaning]
Is that the biggest
one you‘ve got?
[groans]
Nah.
That’s the biggest one I got.
[wheezing, groaning]
Lee, you good?
Yeah.
[groans, screaming]
Where‘s the kill switch?
You fucking idiot. I
don‘t have the kill switch.
My boss has it.
[groans]
[helicopter whirring] Ocelot.
Phen Lyong Bai is here.
He‘s our witness that
can identify Ocelot.
- Hello, Bai.
- Oh, my God, no.
No! Bye-bye, Bai.
Marsh is Ocelot.
He‘s had the kill
switch this whole...
[groans]
That‘s for Barney.
How long until detonation?
Twelve minutes.
All right, we got 12 minutes
before this ship blows
up like a Roman candl...
Hey, Marsh. I guess you
won‘t be needing that anymore.
All right, Christmas!
You‘re like genital warts!
Always showing up where you‘re
not wanted and refusing to go away!
You got something I need, Marsh.
I‘m coming down to get it.
I guess you figured out
that this device right here
is the only thing
preventing World War III,
a conflict that, while
devastating for many,
it‘ll be insanely,
insanely,
insanely profitable
for somebody.
And that somebody
is gonna be me.
And the Expendables
will take all the blame!
So, enjoy the show!
Kill them all!
Take cover!
[Lash] Everybody get down!
[groaning]
We need to get clear of this
boat or we‘re all gonna get fried!
Jumping overboard is seeming
like a decent plan right now.
We‘ll never make it out of the blast
zone. We‘ll never make it in time.
- [groans] - Hey, man, you‘re
not going down on my watch.
We gotta move.
He‘s bleeding out.
I got an idea.
We can take my
boat. It‘s being towed.
That‘s a great idea.
Next time, let‘s
start with that!
Yeah!
Gunner, give us cover
fire. We‘re on the way out.
Copy that. Cover
fire. [mercs shouting]
[Gina] Meet at the stern.
Repeat, meet at the stern.
[shouts in Bulgarian]
[groaning]
- We gotta move!
- [Toll Road grunts]
[merc] I saw them
go to the other side.
There‘s no one on the
bridge. Start searching the ship.
[mercs shouting]
Toll Road, you‘re next.
Galan, you‘re up.
What?
Never mind.
[scoffs] Let‘s go.
Mission first!
I gotta turn this ship around.
Make my sacrifice count!
It‘s his decision to make.
Decha, we need to move or
Toll Road‘s not gonna make it.
[merc] Check in
block-D then go around.
[clamoring]
[shouting]
[merc captain] Get the rest
of the inflatable boats up here.
[merc] Sir, we‘re
headed back out to sea.
[merc captain] Move it,
move it, move it, people!
Genital fucking warts.
Take him out!
Get that RIB inflated!
We need to get the
ship back on course.
Get up to the
bridge and fix this.
But, sir...
But, sir, what?
The nuke is gonna
blow. We can‘t go up...
How do you feel
about a promotion?
All to the bridge!
Take him down! All
to the bridge! Go, go!
Looks like I‘ll be seeing
you soon, Barney.
[sighs]
[screaming]
[Marsh] Christmas!
Right here, Marsh.
Ho ho ho! I see you
called in the cavalry!
Well, you can‘t get rid of me.
Well, the fun‘s in trying.
Why don‘t you come
down face-to-face?
Man-to-man.
Huh.
Old school.
Don‘t mind if I do.
Can‘t wait.
Don‘t you fucking
move! I‘ll be right down.
Barney tried to expose me
25 years ago, and he failed.
But you, you‘re a good soldier.
You‘re a very good soldier.
But this, I mean, this
is above and beyond.
This... This is next level.
Barney would be proud of you.
Well, you can tell him yourself.
Because you‘re
about to join him.
So very nice.
Look what Santa brought me.
The fuck?
Barney?
Hey, I had him
with the classics!
You almost fucking killed me!
You‘re welcome.
Come on!
The fuck is happening?
Hold on!
Where are the
nukes? In the stern.
Hey, you were dead!
- The hell‘s going on?
- I‘m a little busy.
So what‘s the story?
Twenty-five years ago,
we were doing a covert op,
and eight of my
team got wiped out.
I had to fake my own death
to open up a classified file,
driving Marsh out of hiding
so I could prove he‘s Ocelot.
Why‘d you keep it from us?
If I didn‘t take that
job, they‘d all be alive.
So, it was personal.
You understand.
Whew.
I need a drink.
Me too.
- You‘re buying.
- I‘m broke.
- You were funnier when you were dead.
- [laughs]
[sighs]
Great spending
time with you again.
But you could use a shower.
[cheering]
[Galan] Toll Road,
you owe me 20 bucks.
Guess you won‘t
be needing glasses.
Not bad.
Hey.
Salute to my friends
who never quit.
Cheers to you all.
Salud. Salute.
[Barney] To you guys.
[Toll Road] What about that
corny quote on the ship, Christmas?
- You don‘t need to repeat that, Toll Road.
- "Make my sacrifice count!"
Yeah, fuck you.
Stop giving him
such a hard time.
I think it‘s sweet.
Aw. That‘s sweet.
They‘re all just jealous because
you‘re the most handsome one.
I know.
Ain‘t love beautiful?
Hey, Toll Road.
Really?
Ah.
[Galan] Barney Ross,
back from the dead.
Only you could walk away from a
blazing inferno with not a scratch on you.
You are like a mythical bird
raising up from the ashes.
I don‘t know how you
do it. Just a moment.
I am relaxed. I‘m trying to
talk to my hero over here.
Would you give me some
space please, Easy Day?
Hey, lame brain,
you got a minute?
Of course. A minor question.
Step right in.
- There it is. Piece of junk.
- Ah.
I missed this.
Thanks, my friend. Yeah.
I need to know.
Who the corpse is?
Exactly.
You ever wonder what
happened to Jumbo Shrimp?
[computer voice] Warning.
Terrain ahead. Too low.
Warning. No
landing gear. Pull up.
You didn‘t.
Oh, yes, I did.
♪
I said ♪
You know that chick ♪
Every night she‘d
be On the floor ♪
Man When I tell
ya she was cool ♪
♪
And that time over ♪
Well, this chick got up ♪
♪
If that chick
I said
♪